[Music]
won't blend together I don't know
do you have it you have any clothes on
yes really no but we didn't have tag so
did we I don't remember much about last
night it was blur oh I remember laughing
I laughed a lot then we didn't have sex
I'm just glad we didn't do anything
stupid what are we gonna talk about what
you guys did last night
Ross invited us to all to watch wait we
were gonna miss our friends getting
married in the chapel they would not let
us get married when we were that drunk
I'll let you get married when you're
drunk most people get married in Vegas
are drunk I can't have a mimosa with
breakfast
I'm on vacation oh I guess we just find
a divorce lawyer well I think I think
Ross already has one now this one's free
right because you paid for the first two
so you get the third one free what the
joke's on you because we don't need to
get divorced hey we're just gonna get an
annulment an annulment Ross I don't
think surgery's the answer here
Oh Oh that's your thing you know you're
the guy who gets divorced that's not my
thing I do not love getting divorced
yes you do this is your third divorce
you love divorce so much I'm probably
gonna marry it and then then it won't
work out so you're gonna have to divorce
a divorcing guy
so drunk